a couple of millions
stop it
thank you
the true meaning
he was a fugitive
yes no
21 and over 68 is not bad means that
it's up to him or so he also finds himself
question pelourinho measures the water e
must serve the water temperature e
not reflecting hands before it
amount to be even needed
8 tenth cars played discarded
but still like that a function does not
works need thousand temperature
these died 31 16 died of
tito that one
a justification that is operational
mischief hello month
and we haven't come close yet though
are the preliminary stages
we are still in the preliminaries
you put it there
I've seen stop-and-go macro themes when
in the end then 9 sun impression me
I'm just malaria
andrea torbida
and now you're relaxed
useless you feel now that beautiful
Yes No
and now what do you do
as the four that spins a pair
of minutes seems like a few steps speed
of speed is test from the speed between 4
and 5 are room for 35
and now territory
yes but just little that relaxes
this data
then the fact of stopping and starting again
and what you do when you do
the dough by hand that when it is finished the
let me say the cloth is the same
what because this work is based the
but no
I say so
because it's softer so it makes one
fatigue
each
and if it feels right
the action
I got it
ok
i 32 33
for marco
and the water so was without two lists e
to do this but very few sites grades
no
it's true
what you are
Yup
yes no
yes
Yes, yes
this
Yup